[Music]
to comfort and he taught me a few and
have left a kind of period in
which has not risen any but in
I have returned to this case because
I offend to teach a mode a mod that
leads to trivia is already gorgeous if you already
everyone wants the jetpack
imagine a jetpack with a
Rotary machine gun good that and the
people would cry about the motion with it is
what is due to have two new one
good thing has already revealed that it is a
jetpack which has made this hacker
as always the videos of the monsters
I will have just low action in the
video in my video is saying a
limpid normal and below the description os
I will leave in the gameplays that of the mods
this in case you want to take a look and
if you do not want to see it then listen to me
description to imagine the cover but
good what I recommend is more
coexist the forests and just low
of pressure to have a look
because the truth is that they are pretty
flip-flop and then there's a pretty good
with an open mouth
there is one so first of all I'm going to
teach a mode which he clarified as
always let it be that you overcome a
snail or in rare modest and in then I
has created a mode of which is with a
kind of white car
many bumper cars this from the fair
and the cars that we ride when
we were little we stuck there smack with
the people are a vision car then
has taken and has done as if it were a
normal car or like a car that
can go for shares kissing like today
so to speak, he has taken that council
has done well is I have not even
beautiful prostate and apart from a car
in a car as it has it right now
car like a turbo car we could
say why can you have nitro in
any time the car can be
activate the subway when you want to get off
exactly how is claudio excavate a
car of this cars collision is
very handsome and when when he throws the turbo
madrid is how to access this and I
It reminds a lot of the gta hovercraft
san andreas what is this car that you can
above the water and it reminds me of what
same because I do not know how it has the same
aesthetics so to speak there is support from
what was said that was reduced as not to teach
this video the car this how to say it
of people the rare bumper cars like that
what I said if you want to see it I had low
the decision and last and in
second place is to say we have it the
jetpack with a machine gun leave a
side and as you are seeing it has already
quite
I teach you enough forgiveness in the video
previous with uploading the jetpack was one in
plan with a coffee maker the back
that and this jet for which as always
I mean, I always like to leave it
clear because people did pass and but
where is the jet so we can
but you have it down in the description
of the video I can not I can not put it
because it's not my content so I
I make the video talking and I write to you as
while you watch the video that
you will have the address down because I do not
I can eat the producers on the sides
and this jetpack is not the same as the one taught
in the previous video is a time by
so to speak futuristic we could say is
a restless in plan and if you look at what
that make the charles propellers are
in plan as well as blue lights that
you look like the whole future is very handsome
this one has sincerely taken me
delighted very much and flippant salor
short that you see because it is very cool
generated 11 hours there is some side to the
Godfather here looks like a machine
massive destruction is gorgeous
some of this is objectively
5 is amazing and I do not know if the mind is
I love it as I say it has behind it's like that
you look carefully back part
of the jet paq itself the back already
that are set as well as blue
the apparatus this there are people to 5 for
be able to drink water so to speak and I do not know
had fixed that at the airport by
example if you enter a secret house
there is a kind of devices
let's take device I mean it's a device
which has as well as a kind of
bomb and it's invisible not once from
plastic at the top and below has
a tap 12 on that plastic has everything
the water and in that tap, you put the
plastic cup about having also
one of these little glass of practice two
sides new tubes and tonic water and
is that the bottle is spent
the plastic things of saca and arriba
the glass plastic I think that I
I do not know is that I until it is spent
there's water
in that plastic thing and here's the
10 for just the back
sausages and catch that thing the
implanted and has been taking different
materials gone by picking up the mixer
the rotary
just above there is that as a species
of rebujito of things and in the end then you
has left the sparkle very cool
there is a took advantage of it had justly
now to take a look at me
Sincerely I have loved and favorites
and subscribe to the channel and see you the
next
[Music]